#labels Featured
 #summary User stories

= User_Story =

Like a boss.

= Build Cycle 1/31 - 2/9 =

  # The user will see a  GUI available with buttons, "CHOOSE MAP" and "LIVE/RAW DATA" (Kim)
  # The user will have access to accelerometer data after hitting the 2nd button (Nathan)
  # The user will have access to filtered accelerometer data on the same page (Mike)
  # The user will see an overlay of collision boundaries on top of the map (Roger)

= Build Cycle 2/14 - 2/23 =


  # The user will have a non-image in the 'Map' screen built with OpenGL drawing on a Map class. (Roger && Kim)
  # The user will have a rough estimation of speed, if not actual speed (possibly a 1-10 scale), displayed on the map screen to indicate the cross functionality of the accelerometer and the skeleton Map interface. (Nathan, Mike)

Note: The crux of our project relies on the algorithms that are applied to the hardware and data structures. This cycle will involve understanding the math and beginning to build a map with OpenGL. 

= Build Cycle 2/28 - 3/15 =
The ides of March hath come.

  # The user will have access to a map of the classroom (Kim)
  # The user's movement will be represented with a moving dot (Nathan, Roger) 
  # The user will be able to orient the phone in any way and not have it be considered movement. (Mike)

= Build Cycle 3/20 - 3/29 =
  # User will be able to enter pedometer mode, with no map. (Mike)
  # User will be able to enter tracking mode to see their approximate location relative to their starting position, with no map. (Mike)
  # Integrate the map with the moving dot and also draw a trace of where the dot moves. (Kim & Roger)
  # Enhanced splash screen with flash animation (Kim & Roger)
 
= Build Cycle 4/3 - 4/12 =
  # Both ends of application will be fully integrated into a single apk (Roger)
  # Replace moving arrow with better graphic (Kim)
  # New User interface with more consistent design (Kim)
  # Put the moving dot on top of the map (Kim)
  # Scale the movement of the dot to return actual distance travel in feet (Mike)

= Build Cycle 4/17 - 4/26 =
  # Application will have at least one new method of calculating distance, hopefully improving accuracy (Mike)
  # User will be able to select which measurement method to use (Mike)